1>What is software? What is software engineering?
Ans: instructions that tell a computer what to do is called software.
A set of instructions data or programs used to operate computers and execute specific tasks.

2>Explain types of software.
Ans: Application software
System software
Middleware
Driver software
Programming software
Freeware
Open source software
Proprietary software or closed software

3>What is SDLC? Explain each phase of SDLC
Ans: The Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) refers to a methodology
with clearly defined processes for creating high-quality software
1. Requirement Gathering
2. Analysis
3. Designing
4. Implementation
5. Testing
6. Maintenance

Analysis
The planning phase typically includes tasks like cost-benefit analysis, scheduling, resource estimation, and allocation. The development team collects requirements from several stakeholders such as customers, internal and external experts, and managers to create a software requirement specification document.

The document sets expectations and defines common goals that aid in project planning. The team estimates costs, creates a schedule, and has a detailed plan to achieve their goals.

Design
In the design phase, software engineers analyze requirements and identify the best solutions to create the software. For example, they may consider integrating pre-existing modules, make technology choices, and identify development tools. They will look at how to best integrate the new software into any existing IT infrastructure the organization may have.

Implement
In the implementation phase, the development team codes the product. They analyze the requirements to identify smaller coding tasks they can do daily to achieve the final result.

Test
The development team combines automation and manual testing to check the software for bugs. Quality analysis includes testing the software for errors and checking if it meets customer requirements. Because many teams immediately test the code they write, the testing phase often runs parallel to the development phase.

Deploy
When teams develop software, they code and test on a different copy of the software than the one that the users have access to. The software that customers use is called production, while other copies are said to be in the build environment, or testing environment.

Having separate build and production environments ensures that customers can continue to use the software even while it is being changed or upgraded. The deployment phase includes several tasks to move the latest build copy to the production environment, such as packaging, environment configuration, and installation.

Maintain
In the maintenance phase, among other tasks, the team fixes bugs, resolves customer issues, and manages software changes. In addition, the team monitors overall system performance, security, and user experience to identify new ways to improve the existing software.


4>What is DFD? Create a DFD diagram on Flipkart.
Ans:Data flow diagram is a diagram being used frequently in software design for the flow of software how it works.




5>What is Flow chart? Create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers.
Ans:Flowcharts use special shapes to represent different types of actions or steps in a process.
Lines and arrows show the sequence of the steps, and the relationships among them.
These are known as flowchart symbols.





6>What is Use case Diagram? Create a use-case on bill payment on paytm.
Ans:A Use Case Diagram is a type of Unified Modeling Language (UML) diagram that represents the interaction between actors (users or external systems) and a system under consideration to accomplish specific goals. It provides a high-level view of the system’s functionality by illustrating the various ways users can interact with it.